The speaker may be blocked try blowing within the speaker. Or you may have blown the speaker from too much loud music so please return to a repair store.
The battery made have swelled due to overuse. Please try not to use your phone when charging and if possible leave your phone for a while to recover. We recommend you to take your phone to a specialist store or a repair shop
Hold the sleep/wake button on the top of your phone down until you see the option to slide to power off. Now drag the slider to turn off. Turn it back on and if that doesnt work reset all settings. to reset all settings go to Settings, General, Reset and select Reset All Settings. (Please note that if you Reset All Settings on your iPhone, you will not lose any apps but your app settings will be removed).
Please hold down your power and home button down until the company logo shows and the phone restarts. If this doesn't work take back to the repair store.
Please go onto your setting and use assistive touch or return to the repair store or manufacturer. A small charge may apply.
Please return to the repair store or manufacturer. The price may range depending on the severity of the crack.
Restart your phone and check the settings. If this doesn't work please contact your service provider and supplier as it may be down to damaged hardware.
If there is a problem with the window or program you should contact the program creator and restart the program.
If the screen is blank that is almost definitly a problem with the hardware so you should return it with the manufacturer.
If you have a hazy or scratched camera lens give it a really, really good clean. You really need to do is have the lens replaced. Make sure it's repaired properly by your manufacturer.
If your phone screen is unrespoinsive, try turning it off and on again or by doing a factory reset. If those methods don't work, take it to a specialist or repair shop to get the screen replaced.
Please follow the following steps: Restart your device, check for phone updates, update the app, force stop the app, clear the app's cache, clear the app's data, contact the app's developer and lastly uninstall the app and re-instal it.